Words! We, you are real!
Are you a fast guide?
I was wrong too! I really didn’t care,
Don’t forget to do it!
Come on! I'm looking for death!
Please recharge my insurance now!
Who are you! I have no chance!
Just wait! Eat like this! Your Majesty, please punish me!
This is impossible!
Your Majesty, please send me to Yanhai! I've given you some troops!
Why are you here!
Wuhan Ze! How could you expect that several cats would hit Huang Ze!
So it turns out it’s not Wu!
? Totally one! Wuhan Ze!
Wuhan Ze! Wuhan Ze! Wuhan Ze!
You commit a crime and judge the country with a red pen
Surprise code for several people
Dispatch Ning Guta
Never get a response
It's time
Haven't you guys come yet?
People make mistakes when they are young
Why is he so powerful as the emperor?
It’s my son who surprised me
Only after Zhang Zhang
Go back and give you two hundred miles of Yang Hai
Even the ten cities that have changed are the princes who have gone there
Are you treating me as my hand?
Is it this time?
What else do I want? I want the land of Haibianguan
To be a human being, you must be upright
Gao Daxu, Jingping you